test: add adopted child cluster deployment (#321)
k0rdent/kof: docs/DEV.md

  because we keep the Azure version of [DNS auto-config](https://docs.k0rdent.io/next/admin/kof/kof-install/#dns-auto-config)
  as an optional customization for now.

## Adopted local kind cluster

This method does not help when you need a real cluster, but may help with other cases.

> * Create a kind cluster for quick dev/test iterations:
>   ```bash
>     make dev-adopted-deploy KIND_CLUSTER_NAME=adopted

Reviewer: As we will need both **regional** and **child** clusters in most cases, let's do as in CI:
````suggestion
* Create a regional adopted kind cluster for quick dev/test iterations:
  ```bash
  make dev-adopted-deploy KIND_CLUSTER_NAME=regional-adopted
````
